This text describes the usage of the overview interface.

The overview interface will only be available if makeoverview was run by the administrator.
Given that makeoverview currently has some scalability issues, your administrator might
have legitimate reasons why makeoverview could not have been run, or could not have been
run completely.

The toplevel of the overview interface will show you a two dimensional matrix of the
investigation. The matrix will contain a row for each distinct item, a wildcard row
for each distinct evidence source, and a wildcard row for the full case.
The matrix will contain a column for each distinct metadata source, and a wildcard
row for all digest sources combined.
If you are looking for distinctly unique files, it is suggested to look at the UNDEF
digest source. As all data processed within a case will if unknown be added to the
SELF digestsource after the first occurence, the UNDEF will contain only first occurences 
of each file within the case.

From the toplevel overview you can choose either a base 'overview' or an overview of the images.
The images overview should provide you with a thumbnail view of all graphical image files in the 
investigation. This should alow one to easily find specific types of images.
Each thumbnail will contain a deep link to the browsetree interface entry of the image.

Next to the images interface, the toplevel overview links to distinct overview pages within
the evidencesource/item and digestsource context as identified in the top level matrix.
An overview will for each identified metadata name show (depending of the metadata type and
number of distinct values) display either:

*  A list of each distinct value for the metadata and the number of occurences.
*  A list of the 'most common' value for the metadata and the number of occurences.
*  For timestamp metadata, a link to one or more calender views.

The distinct values are selectable in a small form with a view button, that when activated will
go to a result page (as in the regular search interface).
It is important to note that the result page holds a query input field, and using this query
input field it is possible to do a scoped keyword search within the results.

The calender view will show a calender for a particular year and a particular timestamp metadata name.
The dates with matching data are links that again point to result pages (as in the regular search interface).
Again the query input field of the result page can be used to do a scoped keyword search within the results.


