Assignment 1.

 a) Update your /etc/hosts to create a servername for your new case.
    Use the name the teacher gave you to use for your case.
    <case>.ocfa.loc.
    Make the entry point to point to your DHCP address.
 b) Use su to become the 'ocfa' user, and create the case.
 c) Become root again and restart appache.
 d) Go to the web interface and select the ppq view.

You are investigating a number of assasinations that took place recently.
You need to investigate a few files found on the computer of a well known
assasin who we already know commited the assasinations. 
Unfortunately this assasin had a fatal accident with a scateboard just before
he could have been arrested.
You should try to find out who ordered the assasinations, if this was one
person or if the assasin was working for multiple people.

Assignment 2.

 a) Make the /usr/local/digiwash2/etc/rulelist.csv to point to the minimal rulelist.
 b) Start the anycastrelay
 c) Run kickstart with assasin.tar.gz. Call your evidence source 'assasin' and your item 'try1'.
 d) Watch the web interface and see what hapens, if the web interface shows a queue
    for a module not there, please start it by hand.
 e) Go to the browser part of the web interface, and watch how the evidence got routed.

Assignment 3.

 a) Stop the router, and update the link to point to the full rulelist.
 b) restart the router.
 c) Kickstart assasin.tar.gz, now call the item 'try2'
 d) Notice that more modules get required, start them on demand.
 e) Look at the browser interface, try to find what is still wrong with the
    rule list, what file is not getting processed properly.

Assignment 5.

 Look at the mailbox using the browser interface. Can you find any data that links the
 people who are mentioned in the first mail with people in the second mail.
 Can you come up with an hypothesis.

Assignment 6.

 a) Change the rulelist to the one on the server.
 b) run ocfahalt.
 c) run casemon.pl
 d) run kickstart again (from an other console) using 'try3' as item, look at the ppq to see what hapens.
 e) Look at the metadata for the file that did not get processed properly the last run. Can you
    find any hypothesis of links between people in the e-mail and people in the public keyring.
 
