For this exercise we will go back to the day one exercise but will try to
create a rule-list from scratch. We will do this to get a general feeling
for using and tuning the rule-list.
Before we can start, we will need to learn a little about one specific module.
The 'file' module looks at the header of the files given to it. 
From this it will extract meta-data that it adds to the evidence.
One important meta-data field it adds is the field named 'mimetype'.
For you to be able to do the following exercises, here is a little list of
mime types that you will have to use in your exercise later on:

	application/tar
	application/x-tar
	application/xgtar
	application/gzip
	application/x-gzip
	application/zip
	application/x-zip
	image/jpeg
	text/mail
	text/x-mail

Note: before doing a new run you can either stop the architecture and restart it, or just kill
the router and restart it (or in case of casemon have it restarted).

1) We will start of with an empty rule-list. Copy the rulelist.cvs.bare to rulelist.cvs.cursus
   and update the symlink rulelist.cvs to point to this file.

2) When evidence meta-data is created during kickstart or derivation from files and directories,
   some basic meta-data is added. The field 'inodetype' can have multiple values, but 'dir' and
   'file' are the most important ones. Adjust the rulelist so that new 'dir' evidence gets 'committed'
   to the DSM, while new 'file' evidence gets 'forwarded' to the 'file' module.
   Any evidence returning from file should contain a meta-data field 'mimetype', and should also be
   committed to the DSM.
   Try a run of the tar.gz file from day one using this rulelist, call the item 'rulelist1' and have 
   a look at the result.

3) In the previous run we see that the tar.gz file gets identified as a gzip file, but no appropriate
   processing takes place. Add lines to the rulelist to have gzip files forwarded to the gzip module,
   tar files forwarded to the tar module, zip files forwarded to the zip module, jpeg files forwarded
   to the exif module, and e-mail forwarded to the mailsplit module.
   Try an other run of the tar.gz file, call the item 'rulelist2' and have a look at the result.

4) In the result from the previous run we can see that the mailwash module adds the value 'text/x-ocfa-mail'
   as 'mimetype'. Add a rule to the rulelist that lets these files be forwarded to the mailwash module.
   Try an other run of the tar.gz file, call the item 'rulelist3', and have a look at the result.

5) The text/x-ocfa-mail meta-data can be seen as a hack to allow the rulelist to work with a single table.
   Rewrite the rulelist to eliminate the use of this rule by adding the use of an extra table.
   Try an other run of the tar.gz file, call the item 'rulelist4', and have a look at the result.




