While reading through the documentation you will come across a lot of high level terms that
have similar but slightly differing meanings.
We will need to discuss a litle bit of the history and context in order to be able to explain the 
sometimes subtile difference between the concepts. 
We will not cover this in great depth, just sufficiently to get you acquainted
with some terms that are used in the documentation.

For historical reasons, some concepts come with multiple names in different parts
of the documentation. We will try to clear this up here by way of discussing
some of the history and context.

The concept of a guarded process chain approach for digital forensics was named 'digitale wasstraat'
by the FIOD (the dutch IRS). This term when translated to English would roughly translate
to 'Carwash' or 'Digital Carwash'. These terms are used within the documentation to denote
the guarded process chain approach as implemented in this project.

Some years ago an attempt was made by four dutch law enforcement organisations (FIOD/KLPD/NFI/NMA)
to streamline their efforts and try to find common ground in solving the challenges posed within
and between some specific links within this guarded process chain approach that was introduced by the 
FIOD. 

From this cooperation, each of the above organisations went out and built their own 
implementation of this 'Digital Carwash' concept according to its own specific needs.

The Dutch national police focused first on the links that were concerned with processing acquired
digital evidence of many acquisitions at a central location, and making the processed information
searchable on both raw data and structured extracted metadata. The whole KLPD version of the
'Digital Washing Machine' was called 'Digiwash'.

The 'digiwash' can be seen as being divided into a frontend and a backend. The backend makes up most
of the codebase and is known by the following equivalent names:

*  (Open) Computer Forensics Architecture
*  Digital Washing Machine
*  Digital Wringer

The frontend is known by the names 'DUIF' and 'WDFE'.

The FIOD/KLPD further cooperated on building a lightweight windows system within the digital carwash
paradigm. This windows based system is known as 'WashBrush', and its modules, that can also be used
by the open computer forensics architecture are known as 'win32 satellites'. The  open computer forensics 
architecture module needed to attach a win32 satellite to the  open computer forensics architecture,
is known as the 'win32 proxy'.


