The open computer forensics architecture has some important issues that need careful attention
with respect to the usage of fileservers. First of all we need to look at the reason that you want to
use a fileserver.

1) Usage of a file server as 'working disk space' for the the open computer forensics architecture.

   Given that the open computer forensics architecture has a heavy usage of its working space,
   it is from a performance point of view always UNWISE to use an external fileserver. 
   Instead you should prefer the usage of a SAN connection. If the workingspace needs to be shared,
   for example for the windows satellite system, you should instead make the Linux application server
   into a fileserver. Please consult the samba documentation on how to set up a file server for
   windows clients on a Linux machine.

2) Usage of a fileserver for communication with the win32 satellite system.

  NOTE:  It is a known bug in the ocfa configuration and in this operating procedure that windows
  connectivity is not case-clean at this moment, the first actions are a workaround for this problem.

  Prior to switching between cases, and prior to starting on a new case, you MUST make sure that
  the directory /var/ocfa/windows is devoid of any old data. This means that the only content
  in this directory should be sub directories without any file in it, that themselves only contain
  a single sub directory called 'in'.

  Now you should consult the samba admin documentation for your linux distribution on how to share
  the /var/ocfa/windows directory with your windows system.
  
  It is suggested from a performance point of view that the windows satellite server is either:
  *  connected to the linux application server using a network cross cable,
  *  run as a second zone on the same server as the linux application server using Xen.

3) Usage of a fileserver for the source evidence.

  If at all possible you should try to put a copy of the source evidences on the same filesystem that the
  repository is on. If you can do so, this will give you a high performance boost with the current version,
  and an even bigger performance and storage requirements boost once carvfs has been integrated into the 
  open computer forensics architecture.
  This means you should either put the image files directly on the local system (or its SAN slice), or
  should run a samba or nfs fileserver on your linux application server. 
  If you use any non microsoft operating system on the client side, you are strongly sugested to use NFS,
  if possible use NFS version 4 instead of version 3, it has important speed and security features that
  you should want. Consult the documentation of your OS for information on how to configure NFS to use
  version 4 of the protocol.

  If the client side is windows, you will need to use a samba server instead. Even though samba windows
  connectivity has major issues that we will get into next, The NFS clients on windows that we tested so 
  far had even larger issues concerned with their usage. Section 4 explains what to avoid when using
  samba.

4) Usage as samba fileserver for source evidence.

  Most issues with samba/windows interconnectivity are related to internationalisation issues and concurrent access
  issues. A first start at avoiding these issues comes with running the application server as samba server for
  the windows clients instead of making the application server an smb cleint.
  The second step we should take is to 'by default' put images on the server. The ocfa sleuthkit module is able
  to work on most images that encase can work with, but not all. If the sleuthkit module fails, and mounting
  the image partitions read only from linux (both native and the fuse ntfs tools) results in filesystem errors,
  than and only than should you use encase to create an export and write it to the samba fileserver.

5) Usage of a windows fileserver for source evidence.

  Usage of this posibility is STRONGLY discouraged. Major problems are known to have happened with this configuration
  and performance is absolutely sub-optimal. If however after these warnings you still think you need to use
  this configuration, please at least take the image approach as described for 4.


  
