If you want to do more with the open computer forensics architecture than you can do
with the standard single image forensic tools, you will need to have sufficient disk
space available for your database, ppq and most importantly for your repository.

1) If your budget allows you should directly connect your linux application server to 
   a large and fast SAN solution, giving your application server access to many terabytes
   of contiguous diskspace.

2) External Firewire RAID solutions are an excelent medium-budget option,
   but make sure they come with proper cooling, OCFA tends to hit the storage
   a bit harder than average use.

3) When using a low budget desktop PC based solution, you SHOULD invest in proper
   cooling for your system and harddisks. Please observe proper spacing between
   disks, keep your casing closed or use extensive external cooling with a proper
   amount of airflow. Given that OCFA tends to test your harddisks a bit harder
   than average disk usage does, your system MUST have proper cooling if used
   for a prolonged time by OCFA.
   When using a multiple disk solution, you should if possible use a motherboard
   that allows RAID setups, preferably with RAID5 support. Without this RAID
   support you should configure your disks preferably with software raid, or
   if this is not an option, using LVM. Please consult your distributions manual
   about setting up software RAID or LVM.

4) If there is no option suitable from the ones abouve, then and only than you could
   use an NFS version 4 fileserver for your repository. Never use NFS for your
   working directories however. The 'createcase.pl' script does not take this option
   into account, thus you will manually have to mount the repository with the proper uid
   info after running createcase. The mount should be made setting 'ocfa:ocfa' as
   user and group.

5) You are suggested not to use NFS version 3 for communication with your fileserver.

6) NEVER use a windows or samba server for your repository

7) NEVER use external USB disks, they are a major source of problems.


No matter what solution you choose, the XFS filesystem seems to have superior performance
with the current version of the repository. Thus you should create an XFS filesystem
on your large device.

With normal non NFS based solutions, you should simply mount the big filesystem
under /var/ocfa/ if possible and suitable, or /var/ocfa/<casename> if you are using
different slices for different cases (what should be a matter of policy if nothing
else). If you are using NFS, mounting under /var/ocfa/<casename>/repository would
be the only working solution.
Please make sure that your user id's and permissions match those of the original
unmounted directory, especially make sure you have your ocfa and group id in sync
when running with an NFS server.


